Dog guts
Dare to make trouble at my Su family banquet
Su Da Shao Su Two Shao Su Three Shao
Su Ming is a good thing
The other two young masters are no less
Are they the three men you mentioned last time?
I didn't see it clearly, mom.
Didn't you say
Sunan can't be the eldest lady of the Su family
Auntie, don't worry.
My cousin
Spent years abroad
Just got back not long ago
Sunan, it can't be him
This bitch is dead this time
Hello third young master
Under Gu Ruichen
Just want it
What are you?
You can also talk to our third young master
Don't you want to cooperate with our story group?
Ah!
Before, the Su family agreed to cooperate with Story Group
For my little sister's sake
But Mr. Gu doesn't seem to have a good brain
Don't let my little sister be wronged again
So the Su family is ready to withdraw the cooperation with the Gu family
Could it be that Sunan bullied Yingying?
It was known by the three Su Shao
This
Why don't you kneel down and apologize to Yingying?
If you didn't find trouble with Yingying every day
I won't be surnamed by Young Master Su either.
Ahhh, the one who should kneel down and apologize should be you
What's wrong with you son
Mom, I broke my hand
Three uncles are willing to use the head debt
What bullies your sister is this bitch
Why are you hitting my son?
Do you know who the bitch you keep talking about is?